README.md, before:

# PC / Laptop Setup

## Windows 10 / 11
- Git
- Google Drive Sync
- Adobe Reader  
  **Note:** Adobe Reader comes bundled with Mc Afee Antivirus. I don't need it - so have to uninstall every time after installing Adobe.
- MS Office (Preferred) , or else an alternative like Google Docs or Libre Office
- Firefox Developer Edition
- Notepad++
- Windows Terminal
- CLI Tools -> Winget, Gsudo


## Any OS (Non Essentials)
- Calibre (or another EPUB reader, like FB Reader)
- VS Code -> editor with support for most programming languages
- Anaconda Python 
  - `conda` -> create Python virtual environments
  - options for launching Jupyter, PyCharm, pre-installed with libraries like Pandas, Numpy, etc.
  - **Note:** Miniconda is also a viable alternative - it installs just `conda` and some associated core utils.
- CodeBlocks -> C++
- Dyalog APL (although [Try APL](tryapl.org) is good enough in most cases.
- Haskell
   - Install Stack (package manager), PtGhci (better Haskell REPL), IPython (Jupyter Notebook for Haskell).

## Browser Setup
Firefox -> Browser Login, show Bookmarks Bar
Login -> Google (all accounts), Linkedin, Twitter, Reddit, Quora, Lichess

Commit message:

Use ninite to auto install & update Windows software

README.md, after:

# PC / Laptop Setup

## Windows 10 / 11
**PS:** Use [Ninite](https://ninite.com/) to automatically install and update these & other software.

- Git
- Google Drive Sync
- Adobe Reader  
  **Note:** Adobe Reader comes bundled with Mc Afee Antivirus. I don't need it - so have to uninstall every time after installing Adobe.
- MS Office (Preferred) , or else an alternative like Google Docs or Libre Office
- Firefox Developer Edition
- Notepad++
- Windows Terminal
- CLI Tools -> Winget, Gsudo


## Any OS (Non Essentials)
- Calibre (or another EPUB reader, like FB Reader)
- VS Code -> editor with support for most programming languages
- Anaconda Python 
  - `conda` -> create Python virtual environments
  - options for launching Jupyter, PyCharm, pre-installed with libraries like Pandas, Numpy, etc.
  - **Note:** Miniconda is also a viable alternative - it installs just `conda` and some associated core utils.
- CodeBlocks -> C++
- Dyalog APL (although [Try APL](tryapl.org) is good enough in most cases.
- Haskell
   - Install Stack (package manager), PtGhci (better Haskell REPL), IPython (Jupyter Notebook for Haskell).

## Browser Setup
Firefox -> Browser Login, show Bookmarks Bar
Login -> Google (all accounts), Linkedin, Twitter, Reddit, Quora, Lichess
